about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
---

Relateucate
===========

We live in exciting times. Someone who has a whim can manufacture something
out of thin air in a matter of hours. This is one of those things.

A homeschooling father of three bright boys, I struggle with what
and how to teach.
Should I be "un-schooling", just letting them explore their world? Should
I dive deep into topics they are curious about? Or should I 
follow a set curriculum to make sure they aren't missing out on crucial concepts?
One thing that I'm becoming sure of, especially with the advent
of rich video and interactive content and the explosion of
available educational material, is that if my boys, or anyone, wants to learn
something, there are resources aplenty.

This site is an attempt for me to collect materials I consider worthwhile for
learning. You'll notice a small number of resources to start, plus a blog post or
two where I contribute my own educational material to add to the pile.

If you feel like contributing, or have a suggestion for the site, please
open an issue or send a pull request on GitHub.

Thanks! Jeff ([@jeffbaumes](https://twitter.com/jeffbaumes))

Commit message:

Adding page layout, updating about page

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Relateucate
---

We live in exciting times. Someone who has a whim can manufacture something
out of thin air in a matter of hours. This is one of those things.

A homeschooling father of three bright boys, I struggle with what
and how to teach.
Should I be "un-schooling", just letting them explore their world? Should
I dive deep into topics they are curious about? Or should I 
follow a set curriculum to make sure they aren't missing out on crucial concepts?
With the explosion of web, video, books, and interactive educational content,
anyone who wants to learn can have
resources aplenty, if only you can find them.

In this site I am attempting to collect and organize
materials I consider worthwhile for learning.
The plan is for it to be a sort of "living book" of "living" websites,
videos, and other interesting resources.
You'll notice a small number of resources to start, plus a blog post or
two where I contribute my own educational material to add to the pile.

If you feel like contributing, or have a suggestion for the site, please
reach out to [@jeffbaumes](https://twitter.com/jeffbaumes) on Twitter,
or head to the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/jeffbaumes/relateucate/issues)
and open a new issue to start a discussion.

Thanks for visiting!

~ Jeff
